Added heartbeat cog documentation (#159)
PyDrocsid/cogs: information/heartbeat/documentation.md

# Heartbeat

> This cog cointains the heartbeat-function, wich sends a status embed every 20 seconds to the bot-owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cog contains the heartbeat function, which sends a status embed every 20 seconds to the bot-owner.
```

> This cog contains the heartbeat function, which sends a status embed every 20 seconds to the bot-owner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cog contains the heartbeat function, which sends a status embed to the bot owner every 20 seconds.
```

> The information provided is the time the bot started and the time when the bot last edited the embed. Restarting sends a new embed, which is supposed to be edited until the bot is turned off. This is helpful for troubleshooting, for example when the bot froze.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The information provided is the time the bot was started at and the time the bot last edited the embed at. When restarted, the bot sends a new embed, which is supposed to be edited until the bot is turned off. This is helpful for troubleshooting, for example if the bot freezes.
```
It might even be better to completely rephrase the first sentence to avoid the redundancy, I just don't know how to do that right now.

> The information provided is the time the bot started and the time when the bot last edited the embed. Restarting sends a new embed, which is supposed to be edited until the bot is turned off. This is helpful for troubleshooting, for example when the bot froze.

Reviewer 2: "supposed to"? Does it do that or doesn't it?

Author: It does, but if some error's occur it does not

Reviewer 2: There is no "should do" in documentation. You can specify exceptions but either it does or it does not

> The information provided is the time the bot was started at and the time the bot last edited the embed at. When restarted, the bot sends a new embed, which is supposed to be edited until the bot is turned off. This is helpful for troubleshooting, for example if the bot freezes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information provided is the time the bot was started and the time the bot last edited the embed. When restarted, the bot sends a new embed, which is supposed to be edited until the bot is turned off. This is helpful for troubleshooting for example if the bot freezes.
```
@4norak How about "started ~~at~~"?

> The information provided by the embed is the time of the last start of the bot and the time when the bot last edited the embed. Turning the bot off and on again sends a new embed, which is edited (ideally) until the bot is turned off. This is helpful in troubleshooting, for example when the bot has gone out or hung up, because you can then determine with a 20second margin when it last worked properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information provided is the time the bot started and the time when the bot last edited the embed. Restarting sends a new embed, which is supposed to be edited until the bot is turned off. This is helpful for troubleshooting, for example when the bot froze.
```

!!! Note

>      To set the owner, you have to set the `OWNER_ID=<your_id>` in the.env file, where the token is also located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     To set the owner, you have to set `OWNER_ID` in the `.env` file.
```
